:white_check_mark: Tested with latest version, updated readme (#801)
o1-labs/docs2: examples/zkapps/01-hello-world/README.md

# Mina zkApp: 01 Hello World

> This Hello World tutorial helps you get started with o1js, zkApps, and programming with zero-knowledge proofs.

Reviewer: A while back, our product manager decided we would use "zero knowledge" in all cases and not hyphenate (even for modifiers for proof). See our Word list https://github.com/o1-labs/docs2/wiki/Word-List#z

> This Hello World tutorial helps you get started with o1js, zkApps, and programming with zero-knowledge proofs.

Author: Okay, thank you so much for the wordlist, I an use this for future commits 🙌🏻 .
I will commit this with rest changes.

Thank You

> This Hello World tutorial helps you get started with o1js, zkApps, and programming with zero-knowledge proofs.

Author: Hi @barriebyron ,

I copied this from our docs itself. So, I will make the change from their too.

![Screenshot 2024-01-20 at 7 32 54 PM](https://github.com/o1-labs/docs2/assets/55076843/7036487e-6cbe-4fd5-a962-3c36570cf396)

Thank you

## Version:
- o1js: **0.15.2**

## Tutorial

> For step by step tutorial, you can follow this [link](https://docs.minaprotocol.com/zkapps/tutorials/hello-world).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the step-by-step tutorial, see [Tutorial 1: Hello World](/zkapps/tutorials/hello-world).
```

Reviewer: One of our doc styles is to use descriptive link text (more helpful than "here"). See the [Docs Style Guide](https://github.com/o1-labs/docs2/wiki/Docs-Style-Guide) 
for this tip and other styles you might be interested in.
- [Use short descriptive link text](https://developers.google.com/style/link-text) that helps provide context for the material that you're linking to.

Author: Oh Okay. 
I will make the changes in coming commit.

Thank you

## How to compile/build the project code:

```sh
npm run build
```

> ## How to run compiled code:

Reviewer: @LuffySama-Dev by now you know that I am not a developer, thank you for being a developer who cares about docs! 

thanks for removing these steps for tests, since Tutorial 1 does not include test files! You are on fire, thank you

Author: Hi @barriebyron ,

Thank you so much!!  😃

```sh
node build/src/main.js
```

> ## How to build and run code using single command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to build and run code using a single command:
```
